hi there i made this quick video to give
you a few tips on how to properly lose
weight and especially how to maximize
your results if you're going to use any
supplements or any herbs for weight loss
so the thing is that you've probably
heard a lot of people give their input
about weight loss but it's about time
that you actually learn some of the
dynamics and the mechanics behind weight
loss and kind of become sort of an
expert on your own while this may
require an extra commitment on your part
you will get back what you put into it
and you know I'm here to kind of give
you a lot of helpful tips to help you
get started now if you're home based it
can be a challenge to lose weight but
you can and build as much activity as
possible throughout the day the reason
to do so is that your metabolism will
get up and running just by doing simple
activity throughout the day and that'll
be more than you know if you're just
hanging out in front of the computer or
the TV so basically instead of trying to
combine everything you're carrying down
to the basement steger it so you're
making several tip tip trips up and down
the stairs another thing is you know you
can click you can make these little mini
trips throughout the home especially if
you have stairs or you know it can be as
simple as just getting up and just
walking around in each trip where you
carry stuff especially up and down
stairs can burn calories which helps
keeps you fit and keeps your engine
running a little bit faster now as far
as diet goes it's easy to stick to your
diet even if you're an event or party
you can begin by choosing fruits and
vegetables before making your way to
snacks that may be higher in calories
this will allow you to enjoy all of the
fun without compromising your diet
regimen now don't make a public
announcement that you're dieting instead
go ahead and just quietly make good food
choices another really useful tip to
help you lose weight is to eat before
going to the movie theater or to bring a
healthy snack with you movie theaters
have a bunch of unhealthy options and by
bringing your own
snack you won't really give in to the
temptation now in conclusion you now
have received you know a few different
tips on how to lose weight effectively
and properly now you may already know
some of this information but hopefully
this these tips they kind of reinforced
your current knowledge or you learn
something new either way make sure to
apply some of these little helpful tips
with whatever supplements or fat burners
that you choose to take and you'll
really really get better results for
yourself now if you want to learn some
more advanced tips on how to lose weight
safely and properly then go ahead and
click the link in the description box
below this video and you can almost
start losing weight immediately with
some of the tips that will show you so
click the link in the description box
below and I'll see you on the other side
thanks for watching
you